HI, nice to have you here on the presentation of the U.D.P.O.I. project for the Minima Innovation Challenge.
In this presentation I will show you how the validation process works to get an identity token. 
In this project it is planned to make three applications for DAO, Validators and users, and in this presentation for simplicity I will show how everything works on one page. here each section will simulate the work of a separate application.
The DAO is managed by smart contracts without human involvement. Three tokens are created in this node: UDPOI, Validator and Ticket. 
Validator applies to the DAO to receive a token to get the work as a Validator. The DAO registers him and places him in its validator's database. The minimum number of validators to receive one identification token should be at least three, so you can eliminate all kinds of errors and frauds.
So, from this moment where there are enough validators in the DAO - the process of validating the user begins.
The user sends a certain amount of "Minima" to the DAO while he fills with his application all the necessary information for validation.
Then the DAO randomly selects validators from the database and sequentially sends them a "Ticket" token with state variables in it that contain all the information about the user. After that the first validator should contact the user via "Maxima" and make the validation process. If there is an error in the information, the validator cancels the process and the user gets his Minima back to start the process again with the correct information. If all information is correct, the validator signs it with his key and sends it to the next validator and until the user communicates with all three validators. The last validator signs the ticket with his key and sends it back to the DAO. 
The DAO on the basis of the completed ticket sends the user UDPOI token with all information from the ticket, and the validators are rewarded for the work done in "Minima". The process is complete.
